Breaking: use `Request` and `Response` objects in endpoints and hooks (#3384)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-node/README.md

HOST=127.0.0.1 PORT=4000 node build
```

> Node HTTP servers don't give SvelteKit a reliable way to know the URL that is currently being requested. The simplest way to tell SvelteKit where the app is being served is to set the `BASE` environment variable:

Reviewer: it's not really the servers, but the protocol they're implementing
```suggestion
HTTP doesn't give SvelteKit a reliable way to know the URL that is currently being requested. The simplest way to tell SvelteKit where the app is being served is to set the `BASE` environment variable:
```
